hostname LA-S2
no ip domain-lookup

vtp domain URSS.ru
vtp password Tigrou007
vtp mode client

interface gig0/1
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk allowed vlan 10,20,30,40,50,60,70,80,90,100,250
switchport trunk native vlan 99

interface gig0/2
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk allowed vlan 10,20,30,40,50,60,70,80,90,100,250
switchport trunk native vlan 99

interface range fa0/3
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

interface range fa0/4
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

interface range fa0/5
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 30
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

interface range fa0/6
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 40
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

interface range fa0/7
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 50
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

interface range fa0/8
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 60
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

interface range fa0/9
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 70
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

interface range fa0/10
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 80
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

interface range fa0/11
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 90
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

interface range fa0/12
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 100
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

interface range fa0/13
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 250
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable
